I was helping in the game of the brave
gods and God gods and graveyards playing
game mode in a session of plants vs.
zombies when the game completely went
taut all back jam on me as you can see I
just got killed there as you can see
there's a portal a giant mansion there
and more stuff is just completely
invisible players it's some props
obviously still visible but the majority
of the stuff is just like it's like an
another world what led up to this event
it's possible it's a recurring bug in
the game in the comments to anyone else
and our plan does the cactus even though
you can't see it completely the only
thing I couldn't do is move at present I
can't shoot use me build ease or
anything like that change circumstances
that is in good position where I was not
far from the zombie spawn and I cracked
out the drone flew up to the garden that
was need to be defended some nefarious
zombies on the cool when I was leaders
Amba took the gun at this point my
character was suddenly in the outbound
zone and cue an auto walk for those
unaware the earth warp is where EU and a
change of games there where moves
further up the math it moves you to the
correct position that you need to be on
in the game this happened while I was
still flying the drone and at some point
the drone of Z was destroyed and I was
left with this see they can see well
could make out the earth the sunflower
or supposed to be sunflower and because
you can't see the actual character and
zombie over there and so I can only
really say
is be careful when using a drone when
playing guns and graveyards mode I'm not
sure how often this happens but I would
imagine it could be
Wow I've got up until met everyone
anyone if it said if it does
specifically happen to this Auto warp
event while in the middle of using the
drone and as you can see it just rents
the game completely unplayable like I
say I'm myself the players with
invisible all the other characters
doesn't hold the sceneries invisible
yeah you can still come into it grand
and you just can't do anything and of
course in a phone never people's point
of view
you're still visible can be shot at
killed and all that stuff and it's just
absolutely not so just be careful when
using the drone in the canvas mode it
come to you
[Music]